Initialize testing framework setup (#902)
OSOceanAcoustics/echopype: echopype/tests/README.md

# Echopype tests

This directory contains all the various tests for echopype.

Sample datasets for testing can be found one directory above this one called `test_data`.
The actual datasets are not stored within the repository, but are stored in a Google Drive folder.
When the testing infrastructures are spun up, data are pulled from the Google Drive into the repository to be used for testing.

## Current structure

Currently the tests are separated by modules, mirroring a similar structure of the software modules.
Within each test modules, a mix of *integration* and *unit* testings can be found.
The following modules are currently being tested:

- calibrate
- consolidate
- convert
- echodata
- metrics
- preprocess
- utils
- visualize
- core

Throughout each module, there are special file called `conftest.py`.
This file contains all of the fixtures used within that module.
However, the `conftest.py` within the root of the `tests` directory should contain fixtures that can be used by all tests,
therefore, the fixtures `scope` must be `"session"`.

> Within echopype's software module there's a module called `testing`. Within this module contains any helper functions or classes to be used in testing.

Author: ```suggestion
Within echopype there's a module called `testing`. Within this module contains any helper functions or classes to be used in testing.
```
